Datasylum is populated by 3 races.

- **Pura**: Pura's DNA has never been affected by gene engineering or biotechnology. As the practice of biohacking become so wide spread, Puras are considered rare species and are generally regarded with respect (if not slight jelousy). While Puras might be seen disadvantaged in comparison their technologically-enhanced adversaries, technological interventions deprives one of certain faculties that only Puras can possess. The intuition special to Puras, however, does not come as given and it is only through the simulation that it can be unwrapped.  
- **Genoma**: The technological interventions followed by the deprivation of the human faculties is exemplified by Genoma. The great-grandfathers of Genomas were the first to experiment with CRISP-CAS technology. As a result, Genomas are half-human and half-animal. While genetic material of an animal significantly enhances their bodies, it has left their minds severely handicapped.
- **Biomeka**: Biomekas constitute the largest part of the Datasylum's population. When a rich Genoma or Pura dies, its mind is uploaded to the cloud which is to be eventually installed into a biomachine. Thus a Biomeka is born. Despite their mechanical constitution, some Biomekas still possess some human-like features. Some, however, cannot be said to have ever roamed in a human form.

All three races has come to adapt some political form and thus divided into respective factions.

**Pura**
Considering the information that has been collected, we know that Puras belong one of the following:
- **Seo Neta**: Puras who have been succesful in developing their natural faculty of intution. Through the generations, Seo Netas have shaped their intuitions in a way that allows them to access other people's memories. Reaching such ability, however, marks the highest point of a life of a Seo Neta as it can only be developed through years of expensive training. As a result, Seo Netas are naturally inclined to accumulate material wealth and reach for the highest strata of the society. 
- **1047** The name of the tribe derives from a historical event, when 1047 innocent civilians have been slaughtered during an unlawful caesar re-election. They have decided to adopt the name as a reminder that laws do not determine what is good. The facial traits of 1047s makes them look good-natured as well as rather naive. This outer appearance, however, is misleading as the shared memory was what made 1047 to accumulate resources and equip themselves should the memories be brought back alive. Seo Netas look down on them as they believe that the efforts of 1047 have been misguided. Seo Netas believe that the natural faculty of intuition that 1047 are possessed with is being wasted and for this reason considers 1047 a liability to the dominion over Puras by other races. 

**Genoma**
The task of collecting information on Genomas has proved to be a difficult task, but this is what we know so far. The remains of human in Genomas is what is responible for different beliefs that the existing fractions hold:
- **Mokba**: The same reasons that make the data collection difficult are characteristics traits of Mokbas: they find recluse in the wilderness of the outerskirts of Datasylum. There is a strong belief shared by Mokba's that it is their dedication to their ideals which led them to adopt the primitive lifestyle is what makes them overall superior race on Datasylum. The strong muscle tissue of what still remains to be human flesh in Mokbas is the results of their living environment. However, in addition to the effects that technological interventions had on Mokbas minds, the life outside the city has also deprived them of the situations requiring multi-tasking and performing well under stress. As a result, the nervous and chemical distribution system in Mokbas is underdeveloped. Unless they were triggered by a ruler of Datasylum deciding to take control of wilderness (which would be considered a political trespassing according to Dagata), Mokbas have generally no ambition to rule Datasylum.
- **Helix NRA**: As opposed to Mokbas, NRAs do not believe the way of a recluse to be the solution. Instead, they believe that if Genomas are to restructe themselves under the agenda set by NRAs, Genomas would be able to take over Datasylum thus removing the risk of a ruler who's not good-willed towards Genomas alltogether. NRA's also believe that Dagata is what impoverished Genomas. However, as long as Dagata continues to play the role among Mokbas, NRAs believe that they can use Dagata's influence to their benefit. 
